The devil dares to be stubborn
Today, I will show you my Goryeo
The strength of the shoe emperor to prostitute
The gun is yours
This is different.
extraordinary
Lose your temper with all the great samurai in the world
It's all created by us
Smith is the center of the universe
A little bagga
A broken club won two games
But it makes you feel invincible
Don't worry.
Just a few of them
It doesn't even touch a finger.
That's great, Sheng Zun shot
These monsters won't last more than two minutes
Hahaha you stinky boy
As far as I know, these are your fiancées, right?
If I kill them all
I don't know what you would call it
Uh-huh.
What's going on?
Oops, why is this rope getting tighter and tighter?
Don't let me go, I don't want to die yet
Then I would like to thank you for removing the harm for you.